Hello and welcome again
to a new video our channel
today i have something for the retro people
among you and two seasons old
earphones for your smartphone or laptop
or tablet so the things are there
meanwhile almost everywhere
I 've got that from aldi
cost me 96 and is also available in
different colours
I have this in green now in such a
market green which also exists in such a way
shiny colors
they are compatible with older ones too
smartphones simply ordered adapters
to buy
whether designs with this is because I now
not that will be in this maxime right now
look at the packaging page
feels great
okay the adapter cables are all there
the packaging material away what we here
a guide of the telephone receiver
You do not have to have that first
we various cable the show here
I also have something else with you
that is what I think now
example very convenient with it
it is one time for sony
ericsson elm did not settle immediately
mm jack that is also installed here
that means you can for example my
phone or samsung phones or in the
Whole smartphones in the common is
the normal 3.5 mm jack connection
already installed and for those who
may use an old Sony Ericsson
I still have these adapters with me then
So we still have a 3 5 to 2 5 too
I also think very mini adapter
good at some operates some phones
or smartphones or tablets have stopped
really only a very small one
connection for all the devices and the
I also find it very useful because of me
every single part of the cost of
individually buy would also order again
the 56 euro and so you have everything up
a shock to the ball and you shoot
another extension, too
useful and here is time for a country
a key to hang up
because you have the bollywood button so here
can change the volume here
now also very handy and here you can
of course you hang up then if you
or accept and accept calls if
there somehow so it should be something from
the processing for the really very
good at
The matte color are the shining ones
a bit smoother and of course
of course they feel too
accordingly
So I like this matte very far
so a piece is soft and that
I think for example the very pleasant
cable looks really good too
is processed from seven Euro
really you can not complain
it has a bit of stretching and it does
close as follows a smartphone
and that does me is just the hand
take and then just here
jack connection in and start already
phoning for you is a nice one
gimmick and for seven euros you can
Do not do much wrong
that 's it dear people i hope it has
you like it
if there are any questions about this
or somehow see something else
Just want in the comments
Write and see you next time